who am i
[Applause]
what do you want to do with your life
frankie i don't know all right what kind
of stuff you want to make
i think you got potential i want to make
your next picture really yeah
what now yeah right now yo
what's up thanks for checking out this
video my little niece worships these
guys who do and say nothing
yo why is my existence so lit and
promote a lifestyle of doing and saying
nothing
hashtag swimming pool that's that
cocktail i think this pineapple life
you can't be following me like i'm no
one special man
holy you've got talent do you want to be
the guys that made two
cool videos do you want to be no one
special
this is the beginning people came
oh my god
it's crazy how good this is huh
we have phone or no phone i'm charles
melton and i'm here with no one special
then we have a game show that idea
good idea i love you no one's special
this is just feeling so right
we're about to go stratospheric
you know i see you right you see me
don't hurt her
i love that jake
are you prepared to let the world see
the real
you he's not who he says he is your
success directly contradicts your
message does it not you tell
viewers they're stupid they're watching
us
i want you to wake up because you're
getting swept up you're so jealous of
him
get the viewers back up before we lose
anymore
a prophet will not be accepted in his
hometown you get to lead the revolution
it could be really powerful
[Music]
have you told me one single thing that
was true
hey myself
[Music]
i'm no one special cut
that was great
[Music]
you